Brother, your parents come over to have something to eat with you.
OK, I get it.
Please tell me to take care of you. You know that you just stopped singing.
Fortunately, even though Gu was here to send his relatives.
I can naturally keep your identity as Ling Ling Ling Ling. but,
If you treat Brother Gu Xun,
If you have any other thoughts.
I can destroy your identity at any time.
You know, if you have good ears,
Don't say you can't survive in this sea.
My mother, your little pregnancy
Listen no no no
Damn it, I understand
Thank you for this
Let Xiao deliberately marry He Shuixin
This love has also rested
Deliberately changing someone in front of me